# UnityProjects
Here are two Unity projects in total. 

The first one is "Development of Virtual Reality System for Full Life Cycle of Tunnel Engineering". This project includes two folders. Tunnel2 folder is the desktop version of the simulation system. Within the folder, Tunnel3.exe is a demo for the simulation system. TunnelExample.exe is the application based on the real project and Multiplayer.exe is designed to enable multiple users operate simutaneously. Corresponding scripts are in the Asset folder. TunnelVR folder contains the mobile version of the project. TunnelVR2 is generated by Unity for iOS application. In this project, I
1. Investigated information required for the planning, design, construction, and running stages of the tunnel projects, and
effectively showcased these information in a three-dimensional simulation.
2. Designed a simulation system using Unity3D that simulates the full life-cycle of tunneling projects; visualizes geological,
construction, monitoring and other relevant information; updates monitoring data in real-time during the construction and
running stages of the tunnel projects; and sends an alarm message once the monitoring data exceeds the threshold.
3. Implemented the simulation system’s interactivity feature, supporting multiple users to simultaneously operate on the model.
4. Utilized Google Cardboard and a Virtual Reality headset to develop a mobile app version of the simulation system that creates an
illusion of immersion for users.
5. Applied the simulation system to a real tunnel project in Baoji, China, building the model with real data and improving the
communication and sharing of information among the project’s different departments.

The second project is the development of CAD System in an Interactive VR Scene. The project is still ongoing. In the project, I built CAD system in an interactive scene using Unity so that users can create objects of basic shapes (such as cube, cylinder, sphere, etc.) in the system with purely hand activities detected by Leap Motion Controller. C# scripts were written to support translation, rotation and scale of an existing object in the environment by hand motion. To achieve communication among different components in the Unity, the MercuryMessaging framework developed by Columbia CGUI Lab is used in the system.

